Jellyfish are found all over the world, from surface waters to the deep sea.
This is a very cool speed test hop sheep shot the beard.
She says she sells sea shells in the sea shore on a sunshine season.
More human twins are being born now than ever before.
"New car smell" is the scent of dozens of chemicals.
The world wastes about 1 billion metric tons of food each year.
The severed head of a sea slug can grow a whole new body.
Hair and nails grow faster during pregnancy.
The world's smallest reptile was first reported in 2021.
Many feet bones don't harden until you're an adult.
Some sea snakes can breathe through their skin.
The heads on Easter Island have bodies.
The moon has moonquakes and we love our natural satellite.
Goosebumps are meant to ward off predators.
Pineapple works as a natural meat tenderizer.
Humans are the only animals that blush.
The feeling of getting lost inside a mall is known as the Gruen transfer.
The wood frog can hold its pee for up to eight months.
The hottest spot on the planet is in Libya.
You lose up to 30 percent of your taste buds during flight.
Your nostrils work one at a time.
Only two mammals like spicy food: humans and the tree shrew.
A chef's toque contains 100 folds.
Rabbits can't puke.
The "M's" in M&Ms stand for "Mars" and "Murrie".
Copper door knobs are self-disinfecting.
Cotton candy was invented by a dentist.
Marie Curie is the only person to earn a Nobel prize in two different sciences.
Fingernails don't grow after you die.
The English word with the most definitions is "set."
Pigeons can tell the difference between a painting by Monet and Picasso.
The dot over the lower case "i" or "j" is known as a "tittle."
Chewing gum boosts concentration.
Superman didn't always fly.
The first computer was invented in the 1940s.
Space smells like seared steak.
The longest wedding veil was the same length as 63.5 football fields.
The unicorn is the national animal of Scotland.
Bees sometimes sting other bees.
Kids ask 300 questions a day.
The total weight of ants on earth once equaled the total weight of people.
"E" is the most common letter and appears in 11 percent of all english words.
A dozen bodies were once found in Benjamin Franklin's basement.
The healthiest place in the world is in Panama.
A pharaoh once lathered his slaves in honey to keep bugs away from him.
Some people have an extra bone in their knee.
Pringles aren't actually potato chips.
There's a giant fish with a transparent head.
Dolphins have been trained to be used in wars.
Playing the accordion was once required for teachers in North Korea.